the Israeli military has said its
fighter jets helicopters and artillery
have struck over 500 targets overnight
in Gaza the death toll since Hamas
launched its attacks on Saturday has now
reached 1,200 700 of those have been
killed in Israel including 260 at a
music festival Reuters reports that this
includes 73 soldiers that's according to
the Israeli military and more than uh
500 have been killed in Gaza after
Israel launched retali milary air
strikes well the Israeli military says
the attacks launched by Hamas on
Saturday are like the 2001 terrorist
attacks on the United States this is our
9/11 a spokesman said Iran has said in
the last hour it's played no part in the
attack by Hamas a foreign Ministry
spokesman said the Palestinians had the
capacity to defend their Nation without
any help from Teran which has called for
an emergency meeting of the organization
of Islamic cooperation well let's take
you to the scene live in Gaza now and
the background there a little bit
earlier had plumes of smoke hovering
above the city uh Gaza City has been
pounded by Israeli missiles through the
night and uh this morning as well well
militants from the Palestinian group
Hamas remain inside Israel fighting is
ongoing apparently at least seven
locations there two days after the first
mass assault on Saturday and as many as
a 100 Israeli hostages have been taken
into Gaza by militants our Middle East
correspondent yolan
reports explosions lighting up the night
sky as Israeli missile defense shot down
incoming Palestinian Rockets but not all
homes in southern Israel were hit and in
Gaza Israel has been striking back the
Israeli Prime Minister threatening
Mighty
Vengeance the scale and complexity of
Saturday's surprise attack is still
becoming
clear Hamas released this footage of its
armed men storming the main Crossing for
people from Gaza entering Israel Israeli
Rescuers have been collecting hundreds
of bodies it is uh by far the the uh the
worst day in Israeli history never
before have so many Israelis been killed
by one single thing let alone enemy
activity on one day and if you're
Americans and want to compare this to
Something in American history then this
could be a 911 and a Pearl Harbor
wrapped into
one Hamas now says it's holding 100
Israeli hostages like this 85-year-old
grandmother yafa Adar whisked Away by
militants in a golf
cart yonni Asher is begging for the safe
return of his wife and two small
children after they were kidnapped by
gunman while visiting his in-laws I want
to ask of
Kamas don't hurt
them don't hurt little children don't
hurt
women if you want me instead I'm willing
to come now in Gaza most areas are
without power after Israel stopped
supplying electricity there are
shortages of food and water tens of
thousands of Palestinians have fled
their homes many seeking shelter in un
schools as Israel HIDs back the
international Community has rushed to
support its right to defend itself but
there have been warnings too about a
growing humanitarian
crisis Israel keeps
saying the blockade and repeated
assaults on Gaza are to destroy
Hamas military capabilities and ensure
security
clearly and ex and
expectedly its blockade and assaults
accomplished
neither and with Palestinians killed in
clashes with Israeli soldiers in the
occupied West Bank there are new signs
of the violence spreading yoland Nell
BBC News Jerusalem